even the river normally a lifeline for
the animals has almost disappeared yet
the mud soup that remains could be
concealing a free lunch
if only the leopards can figure out what
it is and how to get it are these weird
apparitions something to fear or a
harmless and much-needed source of food
[Music]
the mother has probably never seen a
live catfish before
[Music]
eventually she loses courage perhaps a
son will be bolder
he has spotted some fish of his own when
they stopped moving though he seems not
to know where they've gone it's the
elephant that finally reveals them you
could almost see like a light bulb going
on and literally right off to the
elephant pull down you went straight in
[Music]
it was like playing with soap in the
shower he just sort of fumble around
didn't know what to do there's mud being
splattered on his body and on his face
finally he actually bettered which gave
him a grip on it
I just remember that expression when he
stood up
he was so proud of his achievement he
was quite stoked
[Music]